I thought the signs were there before
that Ion Torrent really that Warrington
were going to be near to to play really
well and win the game and that we
weren't quite where we needed to be so
yeah the Warrington would just on the
bottom today I thought they were
excellent and had too much intent for us
we look like we had a week off next week
and they look like that something to
really build towards which I thought it
might be the other way around but yeah
so it was disappointing that our effort
and commitment was way way off where it
usually is and we need to get the two
groups on that pretty quickly before our
next game but I'll take anything away
from Warrington that I thought they were
very very good today and they'll be
rolling into next week with a lot of
confidence on the local thing that's the
really poor from the people in the
middle of the field officiating that
game because out you can miss that when
you've got five people out there I just
can't quite see that was a disgraceful
tackle and he's in hospital now I don't
know how buddy's but that is poor that
that is very poor from everybody
concerned and then something I'm
presuming somehow something will be done
about it this way but it's a little bit
late for girls a terrible challenge
without a doubt
now that you know obviously it's a clear
start to that it's a it's a it's a bad
tackle you know we didn't even get ten
minutes this yeah was I don't know
what's going on during terms of the
decision-making there now that I was
pretty poor on ice now it just just
didn't give anything for it he was just
you know I didn't give a decision really
did it you know to cop out like that was
pretty poor I thought but like I say I
won't take anything away from one into
that I think there might have eight as
were twelve men to be honest today
because they were just too good for us
ye looked really distressed when I saw
him just after halftime as the players
were walking out so I'm not sure exactly
obviously he's in hospital he loved the
full checkup hopefully you'll be okay so
yeah obviously pretty disappointing and
upsetting for loca like I don't know I
don't know what the minute hopefully
it's going to be okay yeah yeah he just
didn't know where he was I mean we
thought I'd be I'd be okay to to carry
on it was our first attacker we were
looking pretty threatening there but
yeah he just couldn't they didn't know
what was going on I took him off so they
certainly are those in UK Outback
impacts on you a little bit but like I
said I'm not sure it would have made any
difference today cuz we were just we
were just so far off and to many of our
players individually and obviously
collectively we were we were just really
shabby today I thought defensively we
were poor and that impacted on our
ability to play the game you know they
did towards what we wanted to do to them
and they were very good at it thought
there aft Bucks were very good their
fault pack just cleaned that was up and
it was a pretty complete performance
from them I thought they the role does
in in every department
I know I think probably most of our
bodies were worth to be honest not
junior miles come on and did a did a
pretty good job no I think it's pretty
hard to take any positives from that and
positives are we've got a week off next
week and but I'm not sure that helps
really maybe that's the reason why I'm
sad to say but you know we've got to
turn our mentality from from it it being
out standing here and there to be an
outstanding every week we've got seven
weeks left you're playing against the
best teams every week and to serve up a
performance like that was was clearly
unacceptable so it is a little bit
disappointing that that we that we've
come up with that today but well we've
got we've got to respond then we're in
the soup rates now it's a button no
competition and I've got a bit of work
to do to to get across to the boys a few
messages and and that the boys are off
for a week now so it'll take a little
bit of time to get that across and we
don't know when we're going to ply the
week after book now will will be ready